6570 slurm job state query (clean version) (#6659)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/config.md

: *Used only by the {ref}`slurm-executor` executor.*
: When `true`, memory allocations for SLURM jobs are specified as `--mem-per-cpu <task.memory / task.cpus>` instead of `--mem <task.memory>`.

`executor.onlyJobState`
: :::{versionadded} 25.12.0-edge
  :::
: *Used only by the {ref}`slurm-executor` executor.*
: *Requires SLURM 24.05 or later.*

> : When `true`, job status queries use `squeue --only-job-state` without partition (`-p`) or user (`-u`) filters. This can reduce the load on the SLURM controller, especially if your SLURM administrator has enabled `SchedulerParameters=enable_job_state_cache` in the [SLURM configuration](https://slurm.schedmd.com/slurm.conf.html#OPT_enable_job_state_cache). More information in the [`squeue` documentation](https://slurm.schedmd.com/squeue.html#OPT_only-job-state). (default: `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: When `true`, job status queries use `squeue --only-job-state` without partition (`-p`) or user (`-u`) filters. This can reduce the load on the SLURM controller, especially if your SLURM administrator has enabled `SchedulerParameters=enable_job_state_cache` in your [SLURM configuration](https://slurm.schedmd.com/slurm.conf.html#OPT_enable_job_state_cache). See [`--only-job-state`](https://slurm.schedmd.com/squeue.html#OPT_only-job-state) for more information (default: `false`).
```
